Low power default option [#366] (#397)
bevyengine/bevy: examples/README.md

`empty_defaults` | [`app/empty_defaults.rs`](./app/empty_defaults.rs) | An empty application with default plugins
`headless` | [`app/headless.rs`](./app/headless.rs) | An application that runs without default plugins
`plugin` | [`app/plugin.rs`](./app/plugin.rs) | Demonstrates the creation and registration of a custom plugin

> `set_power_preference` | [`app/set_power_preference.rs`](./app/set_power_preference.rs) | Demonstrates setting the renderer's power preference - displays the `sprite` example, with the low power wgpu setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`set_power_preference` | [`app/set_power_preference.rs`](./app/set_power_preference.rs) | Demonstrates setting the renderer's power preference, which affects what GPU is selected on multi-GPU systems.
```
